Hello, guys.
And this today I will show you how to install Anaconda on Windows.
We open our browser, in my case Google Chrome type Anaconda and click on the first link.
Let's go to the download section and let's go down.
Make sure you have the version selected for your operating system and click the download button under
Python version 3.7.
The file has less than 500 megabytes, so we have to wait a moment until our files download it.
During this time, we can see something about the Anaconda distribution.
Anaconda is an open source environment and it's one of the easiest way to start working with Python.
The platform puts emphasis on the working in the field of data science and machine learning.
Anaconda contains a lot of libraries that are already included with the Anaconda distribution.
Such libraries of NumPy pandas could learn TensorFlow, Seabourn and many more.
Okay.
However, file has been downloaded.
We can run it now.
Click next.
Then accept the license agreement.
Leave just me recommended.
And click next.
Leave the default path.
Select the option app anaconda to my environment variable and click installer.
Installation will take a while.
Okay.
Our installation has been successfully completed.
Click next.
Again next and finish.
And now we can start our anaconda.
Enter Anaconda in your search bar and click on Anaconda Navigator.
The first running of the program takes a little longer than standard.
Our Anaconda Navigator distribution have been launched.
What we will use is Spider.
Now we will run it.
Click on launch.
This is the version of Spider.
3.2.
3.6.
This is what our program looks like by default.
However, we will adjust it slightly.
Let's click on the panel of preferences and set the font to 14 so it will be clearly seen in the videos.
And we'll also change the theme.
Let's go to the syntax coloring tab.
And here we have a choice of several themes that we like.
For example, I can choose Molokai or some other theme.
I chose the vendor theme.
It seems to me the most interesting.
Then click Apply.
Now we can have additional options in the editor.
Here we can see all options.
I think that another interesting option is the option in the advanced settings.
Stop where we can add automatic closing quotes.
And click.
Okay.
Let's see if our program works.
Let's try Helloworld in Python.
Now let's try to start the program with the green button.
Click around and we see that our program works.
That text have been printed to the council.
We can comment this piece of code in a separate file and now we have two files that we can execute the
code separately.
Shortcut for this is saved plus enter.
That's all.
We are ready to go further.
Thank you for watching.
Feel.